[Music]
we're headed to be flam and I arrived 33
metres Oh Oh y'all look good down there
there's a monkey
tomorrow we are headed to just a beach
headed to the island or y'all most
excited about
I was wanting snorkeling fool I forgot
about snorkeling yeah have you ever
snorkel before you know what I really
have known
[Music]
and
what are we about to do
[Music]
so let's get ugly 46
guys what is the deal here what are we
getting in we're getting in a golf cart
we're here
[Music]
hey guys if you're new around here my
name is Sarah G chief Ryan 2tg I'm
actually in the totally opposite
environment than believes I just when I
think he ecause right so much for
partnering with me for this video it was
so cool to hang out because I've
actually been a traveler with EF twice
and I have nothing but good things to
say and I want to help you guys out if
you want to travel with him so there is
a code and a link down the description
below you can get monies off of a trip
you should do it I'm going to get back
to the lovely Jackson Hole Wyoming let
me know if you liked this video and hit
that subscribe button down below if you
have not yet remember check out that
link below use my code and also I have
another yes college break video that I
will link in the end screen until next
time guys stay peachy okay bye
[Music]